User Story / Gameplay

Describe the gameplay.
Pong is a two player game, in which each player controls a paddle on 
opposite sides of the screen. For one to earn points, he or she must avoid
having the ball move past the paddle by moving it up and down. If the player
is successful, the ball will bounce off that player's side of the screen
towards the opponent's. Player 1 will control the paddle using the W key to
move it up and the S key to move it down. Player 2 will control the paddle
using the up and down keys. When the ball passes a player's paddle, it
flies of the screen and reappears in the middle, and the score of the
opponent will increase by 1. The ball will begin to bounce again when the 
scoring player moves one of their keys.

What are the conditions when the game begins?
The location of the paddles are at the very left and right of the screen.
The ball is static at the center of the screen, and the scoreboard will
display 0-0.

Does the game have an end? If so, what are the conditions for when it ends?
What ifs will there be?
To win, one of the players must gain 11 points. If a player's score is 
equal to 11, then the end screen will 

Visual Game Components:
What are the visual game components? For example, in Bouncing Box, the 
game components were the board and the box.
The paddles, the ball, the scoreboard, midline (for reference)
    Which will be static? (the board)
        Static Components: scoreboard, midline 
    Which will be animated? (the box)
        Animated Components: the paddles, the ball
    What data will you need to manage each game component? For example, in 
    Bouncing Box, the data values were positionX, speedX, and points.
        paddle1Position, paddle2Position, ballSpeedX, ballSpeedY, 
        player1Score, player2Score

Events / Logic
What events will occur in this game? (timer events, keyboard events, 
clicking events?)
    When W/S or UP/DOWN are pressed, the location of the paddle will change
    When the position of the ball reaches the horizontal position of the 
    paddle, the horizontal velocity of the ball will change direction
    When the position of the ball passes the horizontal position of the 
    paddle, the ball will be returned to the middle and the score of one
    player on the opposite side of the board will be increased

